1. Your degree requires that you should choose a history course. Which of the following courses would you prefer? (1) Art history (2) Twentieth-century world history (3) Science history
2. You will need to accomplish an assignment for a presentation. Which one will you choose? (1) Act out a scene from a play (with a partner) (2) Explain your review of a novel you recently read (3) Read a selection of poem.
3. If you are going to choose a roommate, which of the following qualities is the most important to you: (1) Cleanness (2) Friendliness (3) Quietness.
4. Which of the following functions of smart phones most beneficial to students? (1) taking photos (2) listening to the music (3) recording lectures
5. Three kinds of activities will be offered on a special day organized by the International Student office. Which one do you prefer? (1) International food fair (2) International music festival (3) International film festival.
6. The university decides to remodel the dormitory and add a new space to it. Which space do you recommend to add to your dormitory? (1) Café (2) Study room (3) Game room.
7. The university wants to provide students with more types of entertainment and three choices provided below. Which do you prefer and why. (1) A theater performance by the student actors (2) A concert provided by professional musician (3) A lecture from a professor.
8. There is going to be a TV show that relates to students. Which show would you like to watch? (1) Interview school leaders (2) Students’ debate on political and social topics (3) Comedy about school life.
9. Which of the following technological developments has made the greatest impact on students’ lives? (1) Electronic books (2) Online classes (3) Smart phones
10. If you are going to choose a position in the school community during summer vacation, which one will you choose? (1) Library desk front/receptionist (2) Technician (3) Paint a wall in the community.
11. Which of the following choices do you think has the greatest impact on environmental protection? (1) Governmental regulations (2) Environmental awareness groups (3) Individual effort.
12. Which one would you like to choose for your final project? (1) giving a presentation (2) writing a paper (3) creating a video.
13. Do you agree or disagree with the statement that female and male university students should have separate residence halls?
14. Do you agree or disagree that it is important for young people to learn some domestic skills like cooking, sewing and taking care of children?
15. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? If you want to succeed in business, being outgoing and friendly is very important.
16. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The government should forbid violence and bad language in TV programs. Use specific reasons and examples in your answer.
17. Do you agree or disagree with the statement that experienced doctors are better than young doctors?
18. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: it is never too late to get a degree in university.
19. Do you agree or disagree that it is important for children to learn to draw or paint?
20. Do you agree or disagree that a celebrity should set a good example for young people? Use details and examples to support your explanation.
21. Some people believe that we should not discuss the private activities of popular people, like movie stars and singers. Do you agree or disagree with this view?
22. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? With the popularity of the technology that focuses on entertainment, people read fewer books than before.
23. Some people think that with the development of technology and the Internet, libraries will disappear, while others think libraries are always necessary. Which opinion do you agree?
24. Some people believe old people should not take risks and participate in adventurous events as the young people. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
25. Do you agree or disagree that students should have a job while they are studying in school? Use details and examples to support your explanation.
26. Some universities expect the students to choose a major field of study when they enter the school; while other universities wait until the second or the third year before students deciding to choose a major field of study. Which do you prefer? Why or why not?
27. Which one do you prefer? To buy the newly-released e-product as soon as possible or to wait for a while and then decide whether you want to buy it or not.
28. Some people prefer to buy new books while some people would like to buy used books, what is your opinion?
29. If you are to choose between 2 apartments to live in next semester, one apartment is near the campus but slightly expensive, the other is a little far from the campus but cheaper, which one do you prefer and why?
30. You have been very busy and unable to prepare for the exam tomorrow. You can either stay up late to study and sleepless or just study less and get full night’s sleep. Which will you choose?
31. Some people prefer sending messages while others prefer making phone calls directly. Which one do you prefer?
32. Some people prefer to give their opinions immediately. Others prefer to wait and listen to others’ opinions before giving their own. Which one do you think is better?
33. Some people prefer to finish the assignment a long time before the due date while others prefer finishing assignments right before the due date. Which one do you prefer?
34. Some people prefer to watch entertainment programs on television. Others prefer to watch educational programs. Which do you prefer?
35. Some people prefer to buy new books while some people would like to buy used books, what is your opinion?
36. Some students think it is good to choose the future career before entering the university. Others think it is good to take a few university classes before choosing the future career. Which one do you prefer?
37. Should schools engage in character education to instill morals and values in children?
38. Some people think that those children who do not want to keep learning a musical instrument course should be required to keep learning the course; While others think that those children should be allowed to make decisions by themselves. What is your opinion and why? Use examples and details in your explanation.
39. If the police stop a driver who is driving drunk (after drinking alcohol), do you think that the person’s driver’s license should be taken away? Support your answer.
40. Many people think that students study course materials more effectively by taking exams, while others think that students learn more effectively through doing other activities like completing projects, which one do you think is more effective?
41. Do you think it is important for parents to teach their kids to learn how to manage money? Use reasons and specific examples to support your opinion.
42. Nowadays people use extreme methods, like surgery to change their appearance. They do this because they are trying to become more attractive. Do you think this is a good idea?
43. Do you think that parents should be allowed to educate their children at home, or should they be required to send children to school outside the home? Support your answer.
44. Many students are asked to evaluate their professors at the end of the semester. What are the advantages and disadvantages of this?
45. Your university is planning to allow students to watch TV in their dormitories. What is your opinion and why? What are the advantages and disadvantages of watching TV in dormitories? Include reasons and examples to support your response
46. Describe your favorite holiday and explain why you enjoy it.
47. What is your favorite type of music? Include reasons and examples to support your answer.
48. Talk about a book you have read that was important to you. Explain why it was significant.
49. Describe a place you have visited that you enjoyed. What made it special?
50. Who is the most important person in your life? Explain why.
51. Do you prefer studying alone or with a group? Explain why.
52. Which is better: living in a small town or a big city? Include details and examples in your answer.
53. Do you think it is better to have a job you love or a job that pays well? Support your answer with reasons and examples.
54. Is it more important to be an effective leader or a good team member? Explain your choice.
55. Should schools require students to wear uniforms? Provide reasons and examples to support your opinion.
56. If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
57. Imagine you have been given a large sum of money. How would you spend it?
58. If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be and why?
59. Suppose you could change one thing about your country. What would you change and why?
60. If you could have any job in the world, what would it be and why?
61. What is your favorite way to spend a weekend? Explain why you enjoy it.
62. Describe a memorable event from your childhood. Why does it stand out to you?
63. What is your favorite subject in school? Explain why you like it.
64. How do you like to relax after a busy day? Include reasons and examples in your answer.
65. Describe a skill you would like to learn. Why do you want to learn it?
66. Compare two cities you have visited. Which one did you prefer and why?
67. Compare two forms of transportation (e.g., cars vs. public transport). Which do you prefer and why?
68. Compare two movies or books that you have enjoyed. Which one did you like more and why?
69. Compare the benefits of studying in the morning versus studying at night. Which do you prefer and why?
70. Compare two seasons of the year. Which one do you prefer and why?
71. State whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then explain your reasons using specific details in your argument. Teachers should assign daily homework to students.
72. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children should help their parents with household chores as soon as they are old enough. Use details and examples in your response.
73. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?  It is better for children to have teachers who are young, even if they are inexperienced.
74. Do you agree or disagree with the following sentence?  We can learn a lot from making mistakes.
75. There are many different approaches to academic studies, and all of them have specific benefits. Do you prefer to study for tests in a group, or to study alone? Include details and examples to support your explanation.
76. Some people like to watch television news programs every day, while others like to watch them only now and then. Which do you prefer? Include details and examples to support your explanation.
77. Some teachers encourage their students to work alone on projects and compete with each other. Other teachers encourage them to collaborate and work in groups. Which approach do you think is better?”
78. Some companies have rules that forbid employees from using personal cell phones during working hours. Do you think this is a good idea? Why or why not? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
79. Nowadays, some people use extreme methods, including surgery, to change their appearance. They do this because they think it will make them look more attractive to others. Do you think this is a good idea? Support your answer with details and examples.
80. Many people think that students learn course materials more effectively by taking exams, while others think that students learn more effectively by doing other activities, like completing projects, which one do you think is more effective?
81. Some people believe that television has a negative impact on children and should be avoided. Others feel that television is one of many ways a child can learn. Which do you believe?
82. Imagine you have to give your friend some bad news. Would you rather do it in a quiet private room, or a loud public place?
83. You are planning to donate money to a charity and want it to have a major impact on people. Should you donate to a small local group or to a large international organization?
84. Which of the following companies would you prefer to work for? A company that offers you challenging and interesting projects but very few vacation days, or a company that offers you a job with boring work each day, but long vacations each year.
85. Some people enjoy going to parties and meeting new people while others prefer to stay at home and relax. Which do you prefer?
86. You have decided that you will learn a new hobby. Which of the following would you choose?
87. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents should not read their children's text messages and e-mails without their permission. Use reasons and details to explain your opinion.
88. Some people prefer to watch entertainment TV programs; others prefer to watch educational programs. Which do you prefer? Explain why.
89. Some think that natural talent and ability are more important for an athlete; others think that hard work is more important. What do you think?
90. Do you prefer listening to recorded music or going to live music performances? Explain why.
91. Do you agree or disagree with the statement that the most important lessons can’t be learned in a classroom.
92. Do you agree or disagree with the statement that the most important lessons can’t be learned in a classroom.
93. Some people prefer shopping in large shopping malls; others prefer shopping in smaller shops. Which do you prefer and why? Use details in your response.
94. Some teachers prefer students to send questions about coursework and assignments by email. Other teachers prefer students ask these questions in person. Which do you think is better? Explain why.
95. Do you agree or disagree that people will read less in the future. Give examples and details in your answer.
96. Do you agree or disagree that university students should have part-time jobs? Why?
97. Some people prefer to spend time by themselves while others prefer to spend time with their family. Which do you prefer? Explain why.
98. Some people prefer to work in an office; others prefer to work from home? Which do you prefer and why?
99. Some people like to face challenges by themselves. Others prefer to have help from another person when they face a difficult situation. Which do you prefer and why?
100. Some people like to listen to music on headphones while they go from one place to another. Others prefer going from place to place in silence. Which do you prefer? Explain why.
101. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Technology distances people from each other more than it brings them together. Use specific examples and details to support your opinion.
102. Some people prefer jobs that require them to work mostly with computers and other technology. Others prefer jobs that do not require them to work with much technology. Which type of job would you prefer? Why?
103. Some think that natural talent and ability are more important for an athlete; others think that hard work is more important. What do you think?