passage:
In recent years, a fish species native to Asia called the snakehead fish has been introduced to lakes and rivers in North America. The snakehead threatens North American ecosystems through predation and competition with native species. Several methods for stopping the spread of snakeheads in North America have been used.

First, adopting certain laws may prevent snakeheads from spreading from one body of water to another. People at fish markets almost certainly created the snakehead problem by releasing unsold snakeheads into North American lakes and rivers. Making it illegal to transport and release snakeheads will prevent them from spreading to new waterways and thus will limit the harm this invasive species is doing to North American ecosystems.

Another method of control involves educating North American fishers about the fact that snakeheads might be a worthwhile species to catch. Because the snakehead is rarely part of the North American diet, many American fishers do not know that the fish can be a good food source, so they do not catch them, either for themselves or to make money by selling them. But in Asia, the snakehead is widely sold and consumed. Educating North American fishers about the virtues of snakeheads will encourage the fishers to pay increased attention to these fish, removing them from lakes and rivers in the process.

Finally, scientists are experimenting with different fish poisons to eliminate snakeheads in waters that have large populations of the species. By treating a body of water with toxic chemicals that target fish, scientists should be able to wipe out all of the snakeheads in the water. While this treatment might wipe out many of the native fish as well, the waters can be restocked with new populations of native fish after the treatment.

lecture:
just check the site

my writing:
The lecturer does not agree with the points made in the passage. She believes they are not as beneficial as it may be assumed in the passage. The first method mentioned in the passage is to create laws that prevents humans from introducing these species to new waters and thus stopping the spread of these types of fish. However, the lecturer mentions that snakeheads don't really need the help of humans, as they can move on land all by themselves, as long tas they remain most. This means that they can get to new bodies of water by crawling on muddy land or wet soil.
The second point made in the passage is that by educating fisherman the benefits that catching this type of fish has, we can encourage them to catch them. However, the lecturer believes this method can also have negative results. She states that by educating the fishermen on this type of fish and its benefits, they may themeselves find it benefitial to introduce them to new bodies of water, either for selling or their own consumption.
The last method of the passage is that by developing poisons that can kill these animals and inducing it to the waters they live on, we can extinct them from the lake. The passage does mention that this method may also lead on the removal of native fished, but it believes it to be a minor problem as restocking them again will solve it. Nevertheless, the lecturer doesn't agree with the results of this idea either. She believes poisioning the body of water will remove far more than just the invasive species. She brings up that this method will also remove insects and the micro organisms that act as food for the fishes, and thus by poisining the lake, you would also leave it desolated from food. This means that even if you later reintroduce the native species they wont be able to last as they wont be able to find much food.